README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

Revise README for local parking app details
Updated the README to reflect the new local parking app features and removed outdated information.

README.md, after:

# Local parking app
This app was made to help the user to quickly know which side to park their car on and for how long. The need for this app came from a local municipality implementing new parking rules, which were rather confusing, especially for elder people or people in a hurry. With a simplistic UI and a countdown, users can know which side is allowed to park on instantly, instead of having to figure out the rules from the signs.

## Livetest
https://thankful-river-03fc2d203.4.azurestaticapps.net/

## Technologies
The app is a single-page application developed in React, with automated testing (Vitest) and CI/CD deployment to Azure Static Web Apps. 

<img width="736" height="524" alt="parking_app" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/60f2900c-5cb6-4d1f-b6ad-834dd6040174" />

## Features

- [x] Display which side to park (odd/even)
- [x] Display time left until needing to switch side
- [ ] 7-day visual schedule for parking
- [ ] Push-notifications when time is about to run out
- [ ] Interactive map for choosing different parking spots
- [ ] Favourite page where users can save preffered parking
